hey guys welcome back again glad to have
you back really quick before we get
started I want to remind you to check
out my website WWE be drum school com I
teach lessons i'm doing more and more
with the online teaching pretty soon I'm
gonna have some lesson packages on my
website you know i'll be teaching things
all the way from like beginning drumming
all the way to advance strumming you
know metric modulation all that fancy
stuff the phrasing the you know the
newest fill the to whatever right so
stay tuned to my website www m and hey
i'll have a lot more for you guys and I
do teach lessons on skype to those are
going well too so if you're interested
in taking less me lessons with me on
skype check out the website www drums
cool calm and now we'll get hooked up
right here anyway check out this lick
okay we start like this I'll go all the
way I'll play beat one and stop on to
you start off hitting that floor tom
pretty solid to not this nice and solid
then you close the hi-hat give me a nice
tight chick on the left foot 1e then
after that e on the end you're going to
hit the high-hat then the of ones on the
snare be two on the bass drum one E and
two then we start the steve gadd stuff I
love when he does this here alright
that's one of the simplest thing he does
but I really like that and it's going to
imply its going to be throughout this
whole lick here see see that one E and
AH two-e and AH three E and AH four E
and so all I did was just I did that
thing but it's just displaced by a
sixteenth note one E and AH to now here
it comes e and AH three E and open up on
the end ah four E and left hand ah
okay that's the first measure then the
second measure straight on right on just
straight 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 e and a 2 e and
up round it out with the triplet 3 and 4
and so here's the whole lick slowly
work that one slowly break it down a
piece at a time and you should be fine
okay guys hey thanks for coming back
once again and we will see you in the
next video thanks a lot take care best
wishes